[Tenjiro] All right,
we're ready to go here.
I hope I can say the
same for you, Ichigo.
Are you ready for this?
Yeah.
But do I really have to
wear this many layers?
I can hardly move.
[Senjumaru] Those layers
of clothing are what will
allow you to pass through
the 72 level barrier
that exists between the Royal
Palace and the Seireitei.
Trust me, you'll be
glad you had them.
(steps moving into place)
(gasps)
(air whooshing)
[Tenjiro] You'll be
traveling on foot.
Sure wish we could fly you
back down in the Tenchuren,
but we can't just keep
going back down there
interfering with
things, you know?
Anyway, it isn't
that far, really.
It should only take
you about a week or so
as long as you Flash Step it.
Understood.
Huh?
Really?
[Ichigo] If I hurry, I think
I can make it in half a day,
just so long as I get
there before they attack.
[Ichibe] You've already
missed that deadline.
The Quincies began their
attack on the Seireitei
three hours ago.
Why didn't you tell me
that sooner, you idiot!
Three hours ago, you were just
finishing up your training,
and we couldn't interrupt that!
Oh, Ichigo!
Take some rice balls!
(air rushing by)
Oh, thanks a lot!
That boy, he's changed so much.
Oh yeah.
Ichigo Kurosaki has
become a true Soul Reaper,
and one whose
powers surpass those
of any ordinary Soul Reaper.
So then, have you
any suggestions
as to how we might turn
the tide of this battle?
[Kisuke] Well, let me think.
Hm? Yeah?
(gasps) Ichigo?
Hmm?
[Ichigo] That's right.
I'm sorry, but it might take me
a little longer to get there.
[Kisuke] I see.
Understood.
Just be careful.
[Ichigo] Hey, Kisuke?
What is it?
[Ichigo] Not to sound
cocky or anything,
but even if the battle starts
to go south on you guys,
just try and hold
out till I get there.
Okay?
I'll handle it, I promise.
(exciting music)
(chuckles)
Copy that.
We'll be waiting
for you, Ichigo.
That was stupid.
I didn't even ask him how
things are going down there.
(music continues)
(air rumbling)
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
[Jugram] I suppose
I should tell you
just what sort of
being His Majesty is,
seeing as how you
are his successor.
Come with me.
[Soldat] The vanquished
shall now face judgment!
"The Iron."
You were most fortunate to
block the blade of judgment.
But, the life that was
spared by your good fortune
will be taken away with the
same amount of misfortune.
(gasps)
You see it?
(horrified inhale)
The scale is tipping.
(shaky breathing)
[Jugram] You look confused.
All those who have been
given His Majesty's soul
will have their powers
absorbed by His Majesty
upon their death.
All the knowledge and
skills their souls possessed
become part of His power.
Those two were valuable assets.
Did you really
need to kill them?
His Majesty's goal is
not the Soul Society.
We must let His Majesty
decide what is needed
and what is not needed
to achieve his goal.
You too have drunk
His Majesty's blood
and had a Schrift
engraved on your soul.
Don't think you can escape it...
His Majesty must continue
to fight and absorb souls...
Or else.
(dramatic music)
POST INVASION - URBAN AREA
I don't sense the Spiritual
Pressures of any Court Guards.
Things can't be going
well for the Soul Reapers.
If that's the case,
I need to rendezvous with Renji,
we have no time to lose.
We should attack the
enemy's castle right away.
(gasps)
What was that, something
just touched me!!
All right, who are you?
Where are you?!
[Äs Nödt] Are you scared?
(gasps)
-As for me... I'm lonely.
-(gasps)
So very lonely...
Who's there?
Who are you?
[Äs Nödt] Lonely. Lonely.
So very lonely.
My beautiful Senbonzakara.
Where is it?
(grunts)
I see...
So it was you who stole my
brother's Bankai, Äs Nödt.
Ah, I know who you are.
You're Byakuya's
sister, aren't you?
Rukia.
Where is your brother now?
[Rukia] As if I would
tell the likes of you.
Do you think he'll come
here if I kill you?
I suppose he might.
(chuckles)
(dramatic music plays)
(grunts)
So that's his ability... "Fear."
(gasps) Sodenoshirayuki!
(gasps)
My, it's no use.
Fear can't be stopped by ice.
(grunts)
[Äs Nödt] (cackles)
Yes, there it is.
Let it seep in.
[Rukia] So this is fear, is it?
[Äs Nödt] Yes.
I see. And what is
it that you fear?
What?
Perhaps fear having no effect
is the one thing you fear.
Fear having no effect?
That's not possible.
[Rukia] Not possible, huh?
All right then, if you
really believe that,
go ahead and shoot those
thorns at me one more time.
Then watch
and tremble with fear.
Behold, the true
Sodenoshirayuki!
(ice crackling)
(gasps)
Even though I am now
capable of summoning
Sodenoshirayuki's true power,
it takes some time for my
body to grow accustomed to it.
I was waiting for
that to happen before
facing your attack again.
You froze my thorns,
but what of it?
I told you before, it
cannot be stopped by ice.
My fear doesn't require an
open wound to enter its victim.
The slightest contact with
the skin allows it to dissolve
and seep in.
Nothing you can do
can defend against it.
Nothing.
For every person, there are
things that make them feel safe
and things that
evoke fear in them.
The difference is, when they
enter a place of safety,
they can't explain why
it is they feel safe.
They can only offer
a vague reason like,
"It just does."
However, when they
enter a place of fear,
even the dullest simpleton
can provide a clear reason
for the fear it evokes in them.
"It's dark." "It's cold."
"It's too high."
"It's cramped." "It's filthy."
They can give you can
entire list of fears.
Because, while feelings of
safety are tied to life,
feelings of fear
are tied to death.
Even those who can't
give you reasons to live
can readily provide reasons
for not wanting to die.
And it's not just those
creatures that possess feelings.
All living things
instinctively avoid death.
And what is another
word for that?
Fear.
Everything that possesses
life lives to avoid fear,
trains itself and strengthens
itself to avoid fear,
and grows up learning all
the ways to avoid fear.
As long as you are alive, fear
will always have an effect.
There is no escaping it.
I know.
And that's exactly why
your fear won't work on me.
Hm?
You don't get it.
It seems to have escaped you
that I'm not alive right now.
What are you talking about?
Sodenoshirayuki is
not a sword that emits
freezing air from its tip.
What it is instead is
a Zanpakuto that lowers
the body temperature of its
possessor to below freezing.
Everything it
touches freezes over.
The blade does nothing
more than extend the range
of its effect.
Don't be ridiculous.
If you were to lower
your body temperature
to below freezing,
all of your bodily
functions would cease.
You wouldn't even be alive.
Exactly, I'm dead right now.
You see, by carefully
controlling and
regulating my Reishi,
I've gained the ability to
temporarily kill my body.
All molecular activity
within my body has ceased.
That means that, even if
your Fear did seep into me,
it lost all of its effect the
moment it touched my body.
What? That's absurd.
[Rukia] Minus 18
degrees Celsius.
That's when the blood freezes.
Even the deepest
wound won't bleed.
Minus 50 degrees.
The water in the ground
under my feet freezes
causing an ice quake.
Minus 273.15 degrees.
Absolute zero.
I'll have to make this quick.
I'm only able to function
at this temperature
for four seconds.
Minus 198 degrees.
Minus 140 degrees.
Minus 116.
Minus 85.
Minus 67.
It's still taking
too long to undo it,
to keep my body tissue
from breaking down,
I need more practice.
Guess that was a little
longer than four seconds.
(gasps)
[Äs Nödt] "Tremble
with fear," you said?
You call this fear?
(audible exhale, machine beeps)
Breathing is excruciating.
To have to endure such
agony just to live
is so inconvenient.
The story of my life...
I wonder if heaven is a place
where it's easy to breathe?
On the other hand,
I wonder if hell is an
even worse place than this?
If so...
I'm scared.
You have survived.
For that, I shall
bestow power upon you.
(liquid squelching)
(ice cracking)
Fear? No. This is not fear.
The only thing I fear
is being rebuked by His Majesty!
(screams)
Compared to that, there
is not opponent, no battle
that can make me feel
either fear or pain!
(gasps)
(grunts, shouts)
-Tatar Foras!
-(bell tolls)
(grunts)
You can't reach me, can you?
It's useless, you
can't reach me.
You can't even
control your nerves.
Impossible...!
You can see me right?
(gasps)
[Äs Nödt] The cells in your
body may be inactive at
below-freezing
temperatures, however,
your nerves are still active!
And Tatar Foras takes
advantage of that
by instilling fear in
your optic nerves!
(gasps, uneven breathing)
[Äs Nödt] Yes, look!
Everywhere you turn,
you will see my eyes.
Your nerves cannot escape them!
(gasps)
[Äs Nödt] Closing your
eyes won't help you.
The happy memories you
hold in your heart may last
for a time,
but bad memories
last even longer!
Just as past traumas
return as nightmares
in the dark of night,
a fear, once experienced, will
resonate that much stronger
in the depths of your brain
when you close your eyes!
[Rukia] (whimpers, gasps)
[Äs Nödt] Now, I shall
burn your soul away
in the fire of your past fears!
(screams)
(cut, fabric tearing)
Eh?
(gasps)
You...
Byakuya Kuchiki!
Byakuya Kuchiki...
Brother...!
[Äs Nödt] I'm glad you're
here. I've been waiting.
You're looking remarkably
well for someone
whose innards I gouged out.
I scraped your stomach
clean as I remember.
Not being able to eat,
you must be starving.
You look like
you've lost weight.
(gasps) Brother, look out!
Don't make eye contact with him!
It's too late!
(gasps)
(grunts)
(growls)
Too late for whom?
Ah, I see.
You've already
surrounded the area with
your Senbonzakura Kageyoshi.
Very nice.
Oh, how I wish I could've
kept that Bankai! (chuckles)
Bankai? Look again.
As someone who's used it,
you should have been able to
tell this isn't my Bankai.
This is Shikai. Just
a normal Senbonzakura.
(gasps) What?
In a way, you did me a favor.
Thanks to you
stealing my Bankai,
I rediscovered the true
essence of Senbonzakura.
Interdependency is like
a pointillist paining.
One must take a step back
to see its true form.
Lost in the details, I had
forgotten the bigger picture.
I owe you a debt
of thanks, Äs Nödt.
(grunts)
(gasps)
[Äs Nödt] I will not kill
you. I will not kill you.
I will not kill you,
I will not kill you!
I will never kill you!
I will keep you conscious
and your mind intact
as I plunge you into a
sea of pain and fear!
I will make you live
for eternity begging for
-the bliss of death!
-Rukia.
Even as I approached,
I could sense your Spiritual
Pressure from far away.
You have become strong, Rukia.
(gasps)
My brother...
My brother just told
me that I'm strong!
But fear is not born and
nurtured in a vacuum.
It feeds off the insecurities
and anxieties lurking
in one's heart.
Do you still have fears, Rukia?
No!
[Äs Nödt] (roars) It's
time to end this,
Byakuya Kuchiki!
You're right. I agree.
However, I will not be the
one putting an end to you.
What?
(growls) I've had
enough of your mockery!
Look at him, Rukia.
Look closely.
It is not your fear that
you see reflected in him.
If there is truly no
fear in your heart,
then what you're seeing
is his own terror.
Bankai...
Hakka no Togame.
[Äs Nödt] I'm scared.
Am I... Am I going to die?
I'm sorry, Your Majesty.
Please don't be angry with me.
I'm scared.
The pain, it scares me.
The agony, I'm scared.
I'm scared!
[Byakuya] Undo it slowly, Rukia.
Slowly.
(exhales)
That was a magnificent Bankai.
(gasps)
Also a very dangerous Bankai.
The smallest mistake
could cost you your life.
Handle it with caution.
Never be impatient with it.
Nothing is served
by swinging a sword
when the cost of doing
so is your life.
Come, Rukia.
Let's go protect
the Soul Society.
[Rukia] Right. Coming, Brother!
[Yachiru] Kotechin!
Hm?
Look, I found something
new we can use for bedding!
What d'you think?
Oh that's great.
Sorry I had to give you
just a dangerous assignment.
Oh, I didn't mind!
It's taking so long
for Kenny to get back
and I had nothing else to do!
Besides, whenever I
spot bedding or medicine
or anything else we need,
I just charge right in, grab
it, and make a run for it!
So it's not dangerous at all.
Huh?
Uh, I don't get wh-
[Gwenael] "I don't get why
we haven't been found yet."
Is that what you're thinking?
(gasps)
[Gwenael] Why are you
looking over there?
When I'm right here!
Now you see me.
Now you don't!
Kapowwww!
Wait, where did he go?
I could have sworn I hit him...
Hang on?
What was it I was even
trying to hit again?
(grunts)
(gasp) Lieutenant Kusajishi!
(laughs, snorts)
Did it seem like you hit me?
It never happened.
As far as you're concerned,
I was never here.
I will completely and forever
disappear from your sight
and your mind.
[Gremmy] "Beauty means...
That there is nothing there."
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)